the story satolas grancher inevitably very linked to the implantation of the vineyard
in the medoc
we find the first traces
vigny on our properties in the 15th century then over time she the
barn became addicted cassin 10 155 but was already at the end of the 18th
century
recognized among the best wines of
medoc today we are a property that has to 117 hectares of
vines we have raised saint-julien so the largest vintage ranked on the surface
our soils are above all the soils of grave reported by the
garonne millions of years ago
she knows what he's doing there the wealth of a property it does not take
not to be wrong
above all, it is the terroir and the quality of its vineyard
in fact we have here on a very narrow land area of ​​a few
kilometers
over a length of 2 fifty kilometers an exceptional terroir
and I think unique in the world
every three months he will retire
nations for their husband brake problem is really methods doing
his
for françois this example someone who is in the private work here at 150
years
can not find someone who rocks in the middle of the barrels
that one instantly finds the reflexes that were his
150 years we have not only changed our working methods
what I'm looking for a job we make the wines
it is marriage that the delay in this case of Saint Julian power is
this balance
the grangette is part of this appellation
make wines
concentrated in zurich dance
it's not the most complicated
from preserving the elegance the finesse the mold the suavity
at his request a touch
m much more delicate
the saint-julien sense to keep it in the very great years 20 or 30 years
it was a bit complicated to understand the customers of some markets
emerging
who will want to see wines is available immediately by cons I believe that
the fame of the big Bordeaux
the myth
their story is also about his vintages
open 45 years 61 years today is part of the dream that we
véhiculons
and she we are rewarded through this earth capacity